Release latest documentation (#29)
MewsSystems/gitbook-pos-api: operations/bookings.md

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `data` | [booking_update](bookings.md#booking_update) | required | The document's "primary data". |

#### booking_update

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `type` | string | required | The [type](https://jsonapi.org/format/#document-resource-object-identification) member is used to describe resource objects that share common attributes and relationships. |
| `attributes` | [booking_update_attributes](bookings.md#booking_update_attributes) | required | An [attributes object](https://jsonapi.org/format/#document-resource-object-attributes) representing some of the resource's data. |
| `relationships` | object | required | An [relationships object](https://jsonapi.org/format/#document-resource-object-relationships) representing associations with other resources. |

#### booking_update_attributes

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | `isWalkIn` | boolean, | required | Indicates if the booking is a walk-in. |

Author: For update and create request body attributes it should be optional, I think I know what the problem is here. In definition I have `null` and it should be `"null"`. It would make it optional and then this awkward comma (,) will make sense.

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | `isWalkIn` | boolean | required | Indicates if the booking is a walk-in. |

Author: Here, these are response attributes. And `isWalkIn` will always be there, that's why the generator marks it as required. Basically, this means we will always have a value for this field in response(s).

> | `isWalkIn` | boolean | required | Indicates if the booking is a walk-in. |

Reviewer: Just to clarify, what I mean is that it's not in the JSON sample response.

> | `isWalkIn` | boolean | required | Indicates if the booking is a walk-in. |

Author: Oh, ok then. I added isWalkIn to all the examples. I think it should be fine now.

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `type` | string | required | The [type](https://jsonapi.org/format/#document-resource-object-identification) member is used to describe resource objects that share common attributes and relationships. |
| `attributes` | [booking_create_attributes](bookings.md#booking_create_attributes) | required | An [attributes object](https://jsonapi.org/format/#document-resource-object-attributes) representing some of the resource's data. |
| `relationships` | object | required | An [relationships object](https://jsonapi.org/format/#document-resource-object-relationships) representing associations with other resources. |

#### booking_create_attributes

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `createdAt` | string | required, max length 25 characters | Created at timestamp in RFC 3339 format. |
| `updatedAt` | string | required, max length 25 characters | Updated at timestamp in RFC 3339 format. |

> | `required` | undefined | required |  |

Reviewer: @MirkoC I just noticed this, this looks like an error that has crept in!
```suggestion
```

| `status` | string,null | optional | The initial status of the booking. Possible values are "confirmed", "seated", "completed", "cancelled", and "noShow". |
| `partySize` | integer | required | Represents the number of people included in the booking. |
| `bookingDatetime` | string | required, max length 25 characters | The booking's date. |
| `duration` | integer,null | optional | Represents the length of the booking in minutes. |
| `notes` | string,null | optional, max length 10000 characters | Additional notes for the booking. |
| `roomNumber` | string,null | optional, max length 100 characters | The room number of the booking's customer. |
| `promotions` | string,null | optional, max length 100 characters | The promotions of the booking. |
| `bookingReference` | string,null | optional, max length 255 characters | A reference code or identifier associated with the booking. |

> | `isWalkIn` | boolean | required | Indicates if the booking is a walk-in. |

Reviewer: @MirkoC I just noticed this as well. Should `isWalkIn` be _required_ or should it simply default to `false`?
* If _required_ then the sample JSON is invalid because it is not present
* If NOT _required_ then we should update the property entry to this ->
```suggestion
| `isWalkIn` | boolean | optional | Indicates if the booking is a walk-in. Defaults to `false`. |
```

Author: @MikeAdamsMews I'm not sure, I haven't worked on this part myself as much. @joseluis-rodriguez do you know?

Author: @MikeAdamsMews I'm not sure that we need to do anything with this. As these `booking_create_attributes` are response attributes, not request body attributes. And in response `isWalkIn` will always be there (and will not default to `false`).

Reviewer: @MirkoC the `booking_create_attributes` are **request** attributes _not_ **response** attributes.
